>> Steve Kinney: We're
gonna do a quick aside.
I'm gonna go through this just
kinda with a bunch of screenshots,
because this is totally optional.
But we're going to register a domain name.
The reason that we're gonna kinda do it
separately, and I'll walk you through
the process first, is that it involves
putting a lot of personal information.
And I'm not particularly in the mood
to dox myself at this moment,
ask me later, and I might be.
So we'll kind of go through the steps.
If you don't want to register
a domain name, that is totally cool,
I'm gonna register one.
You won't be able to do necessarily
everything in this course, like setting
up the DNS on your newly registered domain
name is not gonna be a thing that you do,
but I am not the boss of you and
I can't make you register a domain name.
So this is gonna be an option,
but let's go through the steps.
The registration takes time, so
I understand that, he was just talking S3
and now we're talking about registering
a domain name, totally, right?
The other interesting part is that for
a very simple S3 static website hosting
the bucket has to have the same name as
the domain that you plan
on hosting it with.
So if you go like, I have a great idea for
a website,
it's gonna be frontendmasters.com and
you make that bucket and
then you go to register the domain name
you realize that it's taken,
that's going to be somewhat problematic.
Also, bucket names have to be unique.
So if for instance, Mark and Tanner have
a bucket called frontendmasters.com,
you cannot make a bucket with that name.
So there is a little bit of a dance here,
in terms of getting both to be unique.
This is only a short time limitation where
they have to have the same name, but
it is in the early stages workshop,
a limitation that we have to deal with.
Cool, so
let's actually walk through the steps.
We'll go visit Amazon Route 53, and
we have that one option for
domain registration.
And then there's another blue
button called Register Domain.
I'll give you a hint what happens there.
Then, the hard part, and the part that
you don't wanna watch anyone do live.
If you thought live coding was dangerous,
live domain name shopping
[LAUGH] is also dangerous.
So you can find some kind of website,
I eventually went with
mysuperfunwebsite.com, which you
can totally visit right now.
It's the app that I showed you earlier,
there is no surprises there, sorry.
And you add it to the cart.
You click that Continue button,
which that page is long enough
you can add it to the car and
then you're gonna set there for a few
seconds wondering what the next step is,
you actually have to scroll to the bottom
of the page to find the Continue button.
This is literally why I
made the screenshot, so.
Cool, and then you dox yourself, and
you put in all your personal information.
>> Steve Kinney: Then you undox yourself
by making sure that you put on [LAUGH]
domain privacy so no one can WHOIS you.
Basically, you can go to,
if somebody doesn't do this and they type
WHOIS mysuperfunwebsite.com, and I didn't
turn this on, it would be my address.
And then I'd have friends over,
it would be great.
So you'd turn this on and, basically,
you put in all this information,
and then they don't show it to anyone,
cool.
And then you confirm all
that information again.
You see why I'm not doing this live now,
right?
You confirm all of that information,
and now, then you wait, effectively.
And this is why we're doing this now.
So if you wanna register a domain name,
we can do it together during a break.
It will take a little bit of time,
and hopefully when we come back,
we'll jump back into S3.
And then by the time we're ready to
use this domain name with the live
demo gods smiling upon us, our domain
name should be registered at that point.
So I've registered
superimportantwebsite.com,
we had a lot of fun looking at
some other top level domains.
But some of those can get a little pricey.
[LAUGH] So here we've got
superimportantwebsite.com, cool.
So that's gonna take a little
bit of time to cook,
so we'll go back to talking
about S3 in the meantime.